fixed the upload overwrite message (#2716)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue where git-*renamed_files* were not retrieved properly.
* Fixed an issue where test dependencies were calculated in all level dependencies calculation.
* Added a UUID to name mapper for **download** it replaces UUIDs with names on all downloaded files.

> * Fixed an issue in **upload** command when overwriting packs in the XSIAM marketplace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved the message shown when using **upload** and overwriting packs.
```
